Fuck, your back?
What's wrong? It's been half a day since the door opened.
How do I know I'm starving?
Oh my.
Ceiling board, what do you want, broken sofa, so hard.
Hello Tran Pham.
Is there no eye power?
This mother-in-law is here, she doesn't even pour water?
What are you doing here?
What do you mean?
She married my sister.
This is my sister's house.
So my sister's house is my house.
I want to come then come.
I didn't come out here to meet your trashy husband.
Guess.
Call not here.
Initial
I said, what happened to you today?
Debt cleaning?
Every word has its thorns
What do you want to do?
This.
Tran Pham, are your wings stiff?
How to talk?
Mom said this.
We were both talking nonsense.
7th floor, has a girlfriend.
getting married
The bride price is 200,000.
You give me 200 thousand.
I don't need the money anyway.
Fuck off!
I told you two to go away.